the consumer is everything for the
economy but what happened we got to dig
in Black Friday is that Bell weather we
need to pay attention to all here in
this episode you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you we are
going to explore what's going on inside
of Black Friday Cyber Monday looking at
these details will give us some insight
as to what's going on inside the US
economy of course that explains a few
things going on outside as well I'm
going to bring you the details we're not
going to waste any time let's begin this
is the chaos that we had seen in
previous years on Black Friday not
happening this year if you look actually
just a little Easter egg a little tidbit
there right at basically the center that
lady is getting hit right in the eye
with that 49 in uh LCD TV okay so right
in the eyeball not fun Black Friday
shaping up to be a dud for retailers as
consumer spending slows and so what I
have seen with this is that it's very
mixed very mixed it depends on where we
look now I'm going to show you several
statistics right now but I just want to
make it clear there's overall spending
there's online spending and like when
you break it down and get real granular
you're going to get a lot of different
information what I want to say overall I
want to make this clear that people are
spending there's no question they will
always spend but they will push
themselves way over the edge before
they're going to stop they're never
going to stop it and say you know I'm
going to be cautious they don't really
do that they spend up to their maximum
in debt I was just talking to a
Gentleman Just days ago and you know
immigrated to
Canada and so he's you know coming from
a developing Nation working a job
probably not getting paid very much and
and he's telling me about his debt
circumstance you know I'm just I try to
pay as much as the credit cards down as
I can I try not to extend it too much
the credit card interest rate is just a
burden this and that and so I feel for
this guy uh because he got himself
involved in this terrible cycle terrible
cycle and I hope that I can do my best
to get him out right but they have to do
that for themselves I know you probably
have people in your family that are in
that maybe you've been in that
circumstance where you just got into the
wrong path you know you bought the wrong
things the interest started accumulating
it's harder and harder you're paying the
minimum and that stretches out I hope
not but that's the case okay so what we
can see is that when we look at the data
in a different way it's going to show us
different stuff okay so I just want to
make that clear Black Friday finds picky
us Shoppers waiting for bigger Bargains
consumers are holding out for deeper
discounts threatening earnings some
high-end retail venues draw crowds
despite headwinds it depends on where
you look very much so and so what
occurred I found with my Amazon business
um which is now expanding onto other uh
platforms what I saw was people started
shopping businesses started advertising
Black Friday like in October okay so the
the whole thing was stretched out and so
what people would do is online is they
would add it to their part way earlier
but they wouldn't buy and so we noticed
this because you would get a level of
impr by the way I'm telling you
information the other guys don't know
okay because they don't do this business
but I can tell you this okay I have all
the data because I do it myself when we
look at the Impressions okay that means
how many times your listing have been
has been seen we get this information
and it showed a lot of Impressions much
more than was there before but sales
weren't there you could see how how many
times they would add it to cart as well
but the sales weren't there and so we
have this data showing us hey they're
coming maybe they're adding to the cart
but where's the purchases but those
purchases would happen on Black Friday
okay and so people know they know the
drill just wait for Black Friday I'll
get a better deal and what were we doing
everybody everybody doing the same thing
okay when Black Friday comes around you
give the discount people do so and uh by
the way everybody was doing actually the
week prior so a whole week prior this
has never happened before uh so that's
going all the way through Cyber Monday
they would give those deals so people
know that they're getting Savvy to that
and the whole like time frame of like
deal is they know this period of time
everything's on sale don't buy it at
regular price the trouble is what was
the actual price you know they're
worried about like hey is this a real
price and and um a lot of of my
competitors all they did was increase
the price before and then cut the price
so it's back down to the same price and
it makes it look like a a sale but it's
not okay you know that I don't do that
shady stuff but hey most people do Black
Friday discounts are getting bigger
compared to 2021 and 2022 actually yeah
the past few years they weren't there
but now we are seeing that and you could
see the breakdown electronics and so on
this year was a bit better supposedly
2023 holiday shopping growth is expected
to be the slowest since
2019 understand that's that's the growth
so there is growth but not as big as we
have seen previously and what's
generating all that credit card usage
credit card delinquencies return to
where we were prior to 2020 the
moratoriums why we've got the student
loans coming in now we've got no
moratoriums that are in place and so on
look at the total amount of debt credit
card debt of course what happened 2020
nobody was spending any money
everybody's staying at home they're just
buying hand sanitizers and rubbing that
all over the place uh that was the only
thing they were buying and so we have
this period of time where there was a
big uh pay down on the on that debt and
don't worry we surpassed that so U you
know vison MasterCard really love you
right now let me tell you this is an
article from Seeking Alpha we'll talk
about that more in a second but you
could see that despite higher prices
caused by inflation consumers on Black
Friday and cyber money are expected to
spend a record amount and so you know
you'll see this the data comes through
Adobe but when we see that of course
they will spend but they're spending on
their credit cards and what I think is
they're doing a lot more spending online
than they're doing in retail because
they know they can get the great deals
online okay so keep that in mind and you
might be asking yourself where's my
money or you know where's the money but
in this case here where's my money if
you know what I'm talking about all
right fun inflation fun inflation drives
sporting events ticket prices up a
whopping
25% and then we have this as well which
is the four reasons why fun inflation is
happening this article is talking about
Canadians the same exact thing applies
to the Us and other places people want
to spend money on events during 2020
lockdown they realized hey I really love
to go on vacation I really love to go
out and see a game or see concerts they
mentioned that as one of the things in
here concerts I myself love to do that
as well and that's a great thing because
you could spend $50 $100 or in the case
of Taylor Swift I don't even know what
was $1,000 or something uh people are
willing to spend that because they want
that experience they don't necessarily
care as much about the flat screen TVs
anymore they want that experience do you
agree with that would you rather spend
money on the experience travel to a new
place or do you want the flat screen TV
you tell me it's all it's it doesn't
matter I think you're entitled to your
own you know decisions this is just an
article talking about what's going on
with the crime in San Francisco all you
need to know is that the pro disparity
has declined there's no question about
that the amount of debt that people are
in and and crime has gone up
considerably okay and that's just all
connected in with this prices are so
high on everything and governments are
unwilling to deal with it they're just
they're just not they're just going to
print more money it's going to cause
more inflation and certainly we will see
the ramifications of that if you want to
get more on Seeking Alpha because you
want the latest information because you
want to make better stock decisions well
then you know Seeking Alpha has got this
really good deal it's going on right now
I want you to get on that at least check
it out the link is in the description I
have the best deal I tried to squeeze
the best deal I possibly could this is
what they gave me so you can check that
affiliate link out in the
description uh please do it's just
interesting to check it out even if
you're not uh going to jump on it it is
the best deal that they have right here
I think it's 30% off but anyway check
check the link and you'll see it for
yourself and we have the comment of the
day all right it goes like this in my
neighborhood I see inflation disguised
as a sale I.E a 30% off advertisement
for a product that is marked up by the
same amount that is not a sale yes some
retailers do this I see this all the
time with my competitors on
Amazon that's not a good thing it's not
a good practice because people they lose
trust in you okay so I have ke by the
way I've kept my prices locked in I
think at like at least 3 years now which
is crazy because I'm just going to
squeeze those margins uh but that's the
way it goes right you try to do what you
can so I appreciate you for being here
today this is the situation I want to
know what you think about it and don't
just sit there don't just stand there
take action whatever that thing the
things that you could do right now to
squeeze your bottom line and to increase
your top line now is the time more than
ever before I want to thank you for
being here hit that thumbs up button on
the way out each and every day come and
join the money GPS where we have the
latest in greatest info I'll see you
tomorrow take care